[THE LEATHER COVER FEELS HEAVY, AS IF SOAKED IN WATER, BUT IT IS DRY TO THE TOUCH. THE PAGES ARE BRITTLE AND SMELL OF DUST AND OLD TEARS.]

(Page 1)
You know i'm really truly grateful to have met somebody just like you. 
But life, it goes along, and from what I know, that means we'll have to 
part soon. Now carrying these memories which pain me with a smile, I walk 
away from yesterday to our fated goodbye. 

(Page 45)
If I were to go through life living just to take somebody else's place, 
then I would rather have been born as a pebble, living out my peaceful 
days. Then maybe we could then avoid misunderstandings too. And then 
maybe I would never have ever gotten to know you. 

(Page 112 - The ink is chaotic here, sprawling across the margins)
All I ever wanted was for you to hear my thoughts, all my dreams and 
fears, just say them out. Yet I go and lie to you and say I'd rather not, 
even though you never found me out. I'm just so much weaker than you 
thought I ever was, than you ever would’ve wanted to believe. 

So why? Tell me. Tell me! 

(Page 300)
With this endless pain in my heart, tearing me apart, but also you beside 
me. Can't you see how happy I'd be? I'd smile and I'd say, "It was all for 
the best you see." As the world in front of me melts and fades away, I 
only have one thing to say: These miracles flooding me won't make it go 
away. Because I can still hear your voice calling out my name. 

(Page 999)
If you’re just going to get lost and never find a place where you belong, 
deep in my heart I wished you’d let someone else do that, but I knew all 
along. Pretending not to understand, we turned the other cheek. I’m sure 
one day we’ll laugh again as the cycle then repeats. 

(Page X,XXX - The paper is stained with vivid, bright colors)
All that I can do is beg as hard as I can but the nightmares keep on 
haunting me. Even though I’ve seen you leave a hundred thousand times, I 
can only watch you disappear. I'm just so much weaker than you ever 
thought I was. 

For the nights I won’t make it through, I spend beside you, while holding 
onto your hand. Telling me I will and I can, I pray every night that 
days like this will never end. 

(Page [ REDACTED ])
Just what should I do so everything remains the same? 
Hey, is it alright if I keep calling out your name? 

(Last Page)
In the moment I was born, I wouldn’t stop screaming. Saying that I wanted 
to fade away and disappear. Ever since the day I stopped, I had always 
been searching. For the one I'd someday meet. For the you that has to 
leave. 

With this endless pain in my heart, tearing me apart, but also you 
beside me. I'd smile and I'd say, "It was all for the best you see." 

As the world in front of me melts and fades away...
I only have one thing to say.

Because I can still hear your voice calling out my name. 
Hey, is it alright if I keep calling out your name?
