[TITLE: DRAMATURGY]
[TYPE: MUSICAL SCRIPT / NARRATIVE LOOP]
[AUTHOR: UNKNOWN]
[STATUS: ANOMALOUS ARTIFACT]

---

[SCENE 1: THE WINGS]

(Verse 1)
Knew it already fine, misery inside
At myself, I would laugh, fallen down behind
But I don't know a thing, love or losing, see?
So I threw to the side any human in me

If I live a lie of shallow words and empty replies
"Then what am I?"

Hitting the walls of a stage that I couldn’t break
Then it stuck in my head, gotta run away
Playing out like a scene, posing every lead
Near the end of the show, waiting in the wing, see?

Run to the front stage, you're all actors anyway
No one to watch, you're all part of the play

---

[SCENE 2: THE REVEAL]

(Pre-Chorus)
There’s no one inside me
There's no one that's hiding
Always been me, empty, a body but nobody here to see

(Chorus)
So, hurry up and bite down whoever you found
Game over, give it up now
Mayday, a double agent
Struggling over love and discontent
And here I wait for something to twist the plot dramatically again

Oh, you too? Yes, yes! take a deep breath
You know how this will all end
Head shot, we took it too far
But if you aim go for the heart
We're pulling at the boundary, unseen
A curtain dyed in black soon came to be
And knowing that those eyes are watching... 

---

[SCENE 3: THE STRUGGLE]

(Verse 2)
Broke it all with a touch if I do recall
Hiding all of the shame, all I did was fall
We were young, never bound by a single sin
Til before we could see, we were monsters in skin
But even if I had tried to move on why can't I leave my past?

"Considering it's you, better give up soon"
"'Cause no matter what you do, you will always lose"
And then I was alone way before I knew
Blocking every little thought that I couldn't sit through
All they want now is safety from what's around
Waiting for help but never learning how

(Pre-Chorus)
I don’t want to think now
I’ll play dumb anyhow
Always been me, empty, a body but nobody here to see

---

[SCENE 4: THE CLIMAX]

(Chorus)
So standing at the front line and maybe this time
I'll be there with a flag high, outmatched but easygoing
Never gonna need a script with me
And here I keep them burning to twist the plot dramatically again

Oh, you too? Yes, yes! so take a deep breath
Swear that you’ll see me again, one chance is all I have now
And so I better make it count, climatic ending, come see
The final act, I'm shaken to my knees, yet crying and lonely

---

[SCENE 5: THE AFTERMATH]

(Verse 3)
The world that I locked out is nowhere to find
The people who mocked me are gone from my sight
Emotions and feelings are useless to keep
The tears that had fallen were not mine to mine weep

The kindness and warmth, I can't feel them at all
The hands that are offered, I'm scared that I’ll fall
The hole dug inside me can't hold any love
Instead, you can see me break down from above

Hey, remember when you saw that they were nearing their end?
And you looked like you were laughing at the pain they were in
But what did you see? Oh, really what could it be
Well, take a breath 'cause you'll need it, so c'mon, saying

---

[FINAL SCENE: THE REPRISE]

(Bridge)
Always been me, empty, a body
But nobody here to see

(Final Chorus)
So, hurry up and bite down whoever you found
Game over, give it up now
Mayday, a double agent
Struggling over love and discontent
And here I wait for something to twist the plot dramatically again

Oh, you too? Yes, yes! so take a deep breath
You know how this'll all end
Head shot, we took it too far
But if you aim, go for the heart
We're pulling at the boundary, unseen
A curtain dyed in black soon came to be

(The Protagonist pauses. He looks toward the "Visitor.")

And knowing that those eyes are watching...

[END SCRIPT]
